Ye Shao doesn't need to target it like this, right?
Xiao Chengtan, this is not for
Just draw a rule
Of course I'm just making a suggestion
Anyone who objects can raise it.
I think it's fair
As Yi Ye Shao said
Lingyin, what's your opinion?
Our Su family agrees
Hahaha Xiao Cheng
Do you agree?
Have a nice thank you dinner
You turned it into a comparison of wealth
Ugly
Since you want to be embarrassed
I fulfill you
But my friend came with me.
I don't want to go with him.
His assets
I must have the capital
A person's assets
The behavior of two people
Are you confident?
Still dead and stubborn
He left our Su family
I don't have a penny on me.
So he quickly broke the jar
A man without shame is just a burden
You have worked hard for the past three years
I will definitely take good care of you in the future
Xiao Chen, don't be arrogant
Mr. Su
You never believe me
How do you expect me to believe it?
It is said that personal assets are the high and low standard
The woman behind you can't help you at all
The woman behind me
Which one are you talking about?